Note on broken Unity UPM (#3750)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-install/unity.mdx

Confirm the URL doesn't have a trailing whitespace at the end. The Unity Package Manager will fail to find the package if a trailing whitespace is appended.

</Note>
 
<Note>

> Some Unity versions such as `2019.4.24f1` and `2020.3.2f1` have a bug on UPM and fail to install with the error `'HEAD': cannot update ref 'refs/heads/master'`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Unity versions, such as `2019.4.24f1` and `2020.3.2f1`, have a bug on UPM and fail to install with the error `'HEAD': cannot update ref 'refs/heads/master'`. 
```

> Unity has resolved this issue on newer releases. More information on [Unity Issue Tracker](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/package-resolution-error-when-using-a-git-dependency-referencing-an-annotated-tag-in-its-git-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unity has resolved this issue on newer releases. Learn more by checking the [Unity Issue Tracker](https://issuetracker.unity3d.com/issues/package-resolution-error-when-using-a-git-dependency-referencing-an-annotated-tag-in-its-git-url).
```
